Docs of new Java SDK features (#158)
configcat/docs: website/docs/sdk-reference/java.md

> ### 3. Create the _ConfigCat_ client with your _SDK Key_

Reviewer: create and get ...

Reviewer: Get the _ConfigCat_ client for your _SDK Key_

```java
client.close()
```
You can close all singleton client instances and release all associated resources on application exit.

```java
ConfigCatClient.closeAll();
```

> This method has no effect on client's created with the deprecated constructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method has no effect on the clients that were created with the deprecated constructor.
```

| `cache(ConfigCache)`                                          | Optional, sets a custom cache implementation for the client. [More about cache](#custom-cache).                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| `mode(PollingMode)`                                           | Optional, sets the polling mode for the client. [More about polling modes](#polling-modes).                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| `logLevel(LogLevel)`                                          | Optional, defaults to `WARNING`. Sets the internal log level. [More about logging](#logging).                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

> | `flagOverrides(OverrideDataSourceBuilder, OverrideBehaviour)` | Optional, configures local feature flag & setting overrides. [More about feature flag overrides](#flag-overrides).                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `flagOverrides(OverrideDataSourceBuilder, OverrideBehaviour)` | Optional, sets the local feature flag & setting overrides. [More about feature flag overrides](#flag-overrides).                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```
